One thing I do want to show you actually,
I have a link here in the notes.
There are a lot of stages.
So I showed you a bucket I
showed you he can do count.
Match.
I showed you match.
I showed you sort there's projectors
redact, replace with sample.
Also, like there's a lot of different
stuff you can do with the aggregation.
Pipeline.
How do you query buckets once you've
gone through the aggregation pipeline.
What you get back is
an array of objects and
you can treat those as you
would basically documents.
Otherwise in your yourself.
Collection.
Beyond that, I'd have to go look at
exactly how you do it because I don't
remember off the top my head every time
that I do the aggregation pipeline stuff,
I have to go and read the docs line by
line because it's not something that I end
up doing very frequently.
But it's not terribly difficult you just
end up acquiring them like odd like normal
objects.
There's nothing special
you need to treat them.
In fact, you can see here I did
literally query them right here.
With the sword I just said, hey,
sort this and count by negative one.
You could bucket these again by saying
here's all the ones that have more than
800.
And here's all the ones
that have less than 800.
It's all just objects to MongoDB.
That's a good question.
Are the buckets saved or
indexed or anything like that?
Not by default, by default,
it's just gonna print out
what you ask it to print out.
It does have the ability to actually
write to another collection.
So let's say you're doing like daily stats
on how many people visited your website,
right and you were keeping all
of your sessions in a database.
One that's not really a good use case for
MongoDB.
But you could potentially hit
the software exists to do that.
And then at the end of the day,
you wanted to aggregate that into like,
how many Firefox users visited and
how many.
Chrome users and edge users and
all that kind of stuff.
You could do that with
the aggregation pipeline.
And then you could have that right to
another, like daily starts collection and
then you could read from that collection.
Every day, right?
So by default, it doesn't save anywhere.
But you could write that
to a another collection.
Obviously, that's not gonna be
indexed by default either, but
there's no reason you
couldn't index that as well.
Michael see, so
is there any documentation we can go
explore I left some link
to it in the course notes.
It's on the aggregation
page at the bottom.
I'm sure.
Front of masters will also
put a course note here.
Actually.
I don't know,
>> Put it on the object.
IDs are randomly generated.
Are.
Is there any serial order father?
>> That's a good question are the like
let's see if I can find one in here.
Yeah, like these object IDs right here.
I don't actually really know precisely
the algorithm that goes into the one thing
that I do know is it actually does
create does contain a time stamp in it.
So it is based on the time
when was written,
you can actually pull
the time stamp out of it.
You'd have to go look it up if
you just search for like MongoID.
Time stamp,
it'll contain the creation time in it.
So you can actually, you don't actually
if you're looking at creation times,
just know that the object idea
automatically contains that whether or
not you created or not.
That's the only interesting
thing I can remember about it.
And the other thing is it's
always guaranteed unique.
But the randomization is through the time.
Even if two objects are inserted
relatively close to each other in time.
They will never have the same ID
this this object ID here 100% of
the time will always be
totally unique to that object.
Good question.